Privacy Policy



I, "Jet Rey M." the developer of "Cats And Boxes" hereby states that:

This page is used to inform visitors regarding Cats And Boxes policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information.



Information Collection and Use

Cats And Boxes does not collect any personally identifiable information. The game does not require user account registration, and will not request nor store any personal information, such as names, addresses, phone numbers, or email addresses.



Log Data

Cats And Boxes does not collect any log data. The game does not require an internet connection, and there will be no data sent nor received from a server.



Ads

Cats And Boxes does not contain advertisements nor use ads services.



In-App Purchases

Cats And Boxes does not have in-app purchases at the moment, but may add in the future.



Cookies

Cats And Boxes does not use cookies.



Service Providers

Cats And Boxes does not employ any third-party companies nor individuals to provide services in the game's behalf.



Security

I value your trust for playing my game, thus I will strive to protect my game builds and updates to ensure that only legitimate files are going to be published into my store pages.

However, "You" as my valued customer, it is your responsibility to ensure that your copy of the game is downloaded from a legitimate source such as Google Play.



Links to Other Sites

Cats And Boxes shows other sites URL in Credits section, to give credits to artists, individuals or entities that provided me with free game assets or free services such as translation.

These links are verified to be correct at the time of writing, however since these links are maintained by a third-party, I cannot guarantee that they will remain valid and safe in the future.



Children's Privacy

Cats And Boxes does not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.



Changes to This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is subject to change as I strive to improve it. Thus, you are advised to review this page when there are announced changes to this policy through my store pages.



Contact Me

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, please contact me at jrmgamedev@gmail.com. Thank You!
